Its one hell of a complicated film. It will be very hard for an average viewer to gather all the information provided by this movie at the first watch. But the more you watch it, more hidden elements will come to light. And when you are able to put these hidden elements together. You will realize that this movie is just a "masterpiece" which takes the legacy of Christopher Nolan.
Talking about Music, its awesome. I dont think you will miss Hans Zimmer's score. Ludwig has done a sufficient job. There is no lack of good score in the movie.
Acting is beyond phenomenal, and I'd be genuinely surprised if neither Robert Pattinson nor John David Washington doesn't receive an Oscar nomination for best actor. It's also hard not to mention how good Elizabeth Debicki and Aaron Johnson both are. All around, great acting, and the dialogue amps up the quality of the movie.
Nevertheless, I loved this film, I'll be watching it at least two more times, and I think most of you in this group will enjoy it. I definitely suggest watching it in theatres if possible, just so you can get that excitement.
The plot is also littered with bad science of every possible kind, random statements that simply make no real sense (even using the odd time scenario) , and when viewed as ongoing story make you stop and say, how did we ever get HERE? The gun and bullet demonstration really sticks in my mind as total and complete cinematic plot garbage.
I'm aware of the technical wizardry and creative mastery in this film and lord knows I'll have to watch this again. For those who want a puzzle, Tenet at least provides a unique cinematic experience. But to actually enjoy solving it Nolan wants you to work very very hard.
It's simply great to return to the cinema and watch a new movie for the first time in half a year due to the coronavirus pandemic. In addition to this, it's not just any movie but the new film by British cult director Christopher Nolan who has just celebrated his fiftieth birthday. As you might expect from his films, Tenet is visually stunning, profoundly philosophical and challengingly intellectual.
Listen we all know Nolan swings for the fences of what's possible and pushes the realms of normality. This film for whatever reason just doesn't mesh together the way most of his films do even with complex suspension of disbelief aspects. It's often scattered and juxtaposed to a near outrageous level. The visuals are spectacular at times but also seem way too extravagant to take seriously other times. Robert Pattinson is flawless and probably the standout of the film with his vigorous performance. The same cannot be said about John David Washington's barren and emotionless lack of effort. I can't believe he was given the starring role. He brings the interest level down to almost unwatchable levels. Overall this is one of Nolan's rare misfires which he is capable of once in awhile.
Unfortunately, no matter how visually unique or aesthetically impressive it may be, no amount of gloss can hide the fact that the screenplay is a turgid mess and suffers from some fundamental problems - most notably, it's bereft of emotion and populated with cardboard cut-outs that are supposed to be characters. The problems start early when The Protagonist is told that the future of humanity depends on his mission. This is precisely when I started to tune out. Any film that declares its story is none-other than saving humanity has gone so big as to render the people who populate its narrative as insignificant. It's also a cliché, it's dull as dishwater, and we've seen it done a million-and-one-times.
Whilst I admired the cinematography, the backing soundtrack and music was too loud, sometimes louder than the dialogue. Two and a half hours seemed to go on and on with not much happening, a lot of repeating itself? Perhaps I am that average film goer and should stick to Eurovision. The six people in our screening stayed very quiet. I liked the Michael Caine cameo appearance.
About the other part of the screenplay, it's very careful to don't make mistakes in it's own rules, you have to really pay attention, because in the first time you watch the film there is some things that can make you think they made some mistakes, but if you rewatch with attention, you are going to see that they have lines explaining what you may think it wasn't making sense at the first view.
Intelligence isn't how many books you can read or if you have a degree. Accurate intelligence is about how self-aware you are with your intuition and how loving you are to yourself and existence. Therefore, if your behaviour isn't changing, then you're not growing. Some people are so focused on technical knowledge but lack the big picture, and because of this, they're emotionally unstable and stuck in life. You can have all the technical expertise, you can be an expert in your professional field but have no idea of the big picture.
It's a really good film, however, it's overly complex and the sound mixing is awful, you can't hear half of the dialogue.
Some people think that the film is interesting ("masterpiece") because the plot is complex and you cannot spot all the details on the first watch. Well, I did spot most of it on the first watch and ... it was not interesting. The story is predictable and does not provide any new ideas that haven't been dealt with in previous films. The underlying philosophy of the future of the world and righteousness is naive and simplistic.
A real pity. Movie's definitely too long and there are many stretched out sequences and useless story lines. Instead of deepening some details, which could actually make understand something about what's happening. I suggest to give it a try, but do not expect a masterpiece.
Overall, unfortunately the year 2020 was a terrible year not only because of the virus, but also it was a year when we got a first flop from Mr. Nolan. Its not that its a bad movie, like i said production values are first rate but other then that you will be scratching your head in disbelieve of how convoluted and cold this movie is. For his next feature Mr. Nolan should slow it down with plot and maybe take his brother as writer to help - together they can put plots and screenplays like no other. "Tenet" unfortunately is not the case.
The worst thing to me is the whole purpose. No smart evil plan to conquer the past, or make use of time travel features to stop climate change. No, Just a simple sick evil russian who will die anyway and wants to take everyone with him. The rest around the plot is his boring wife with her kid, we never actually see or care about. New people Just appear, dropping huge heists with Zero preperation. I know they did it already in a Loop multiple Times Blabla, but as a watcher its not convincing in that moment, not immersive, even confusing and clearing that up in the last 10 Minutes of the movie, doesnt make up for 2 hours of boredom.
I would love to be able to give an opinion on this movie but unfortunately the background music was so loud that I couldn't make out a word the characters were saying. The beginning scene triggered my anxiety as I wasn't expecting that level of noise. No idea what this movie was about.
Tell me, if everything is going backwards, should't they speak out the words and sentences the same way - backwards? But no, they speak normal laguage. And if you think about logics and details, it's the same - it's only flaws in there. Acting is okay, though, and visuals are great. But if you are looking for sense, it is not the case.
This movie is in short, way too long, way too complicated, to the point where i left an everyman cinema. Its tried to be too clever for its own good, and the plots are plentiful but not explained as the movie moves through so many. The fight scenes are awful. The acting is at best average, and some of the dialogues are just garbage and childish nonsense. Paid 15 quid at the everyman cinema, best bit was the icecream sunday i ordered.
Being a huge Nolan fan I anticipated this release. I think everyone of his films (exluding the mediocre third batman) is a masterpiece. Unfortunately this time he got everything wrong. First of all the script, though based on an interesting idea, is all over the place. Nothing is explained or completed. I struggled for the first hour to understand what is happening and then I stopped caring. And that brings us to the second fault. There are no characters, only puppets with no backstory or evolvment arc, muttering Nolan's ideas like "text to voice" wikipedia. The music is very annoying, most of the time covering the actors voices. The actors try to do their best with what the were given which is not much. Well...with the exception of the completely talentless protagonist. Hope this mess is the only low point in Nolan's filmography.
I felt angry watching the film, which is a first for me. Feels like Nolan is giving audiences a huge middle finger In trying to keep up, this film arrogantly revels in its own complexity.
Don't do time travel and try to explain it scientifically. Don't pretend you 'get' this movie, there's nothing to get here. I wish this movie was never made and I wish Nolan could be held accountable for making such trash.